II a sports it's in the game
what's up everybody this is aj from the
EA Sports live team and i'm here with
jordan peterson one of the designers of
NCAA football 12 we're taking a quick
look at the new coaching system in
coaching carousel in the new NCAA
football game what are we looking at
right here so right here we're looking
at the creative coach which is really
the first portion of the carousel I'm
starting able to set your first and last
name right we have champ column set up
ready to go here you can change its skin
tone light or dark body size really a
lot of options here too what your coach
will look like physically like I like
that look right there with the sweater
vest the sweater vest is always a good
look at least for some coaches so
another important option here is the
alma mater setting this will be a have
an impact later on in dynasty when other
teams are looking for potential coaches
in the carousel so you really want to
set this to what school you want to
potentially end up at in addition you
have your offensive and defensive styles
or gonna be able to adjust your run and
pass offense how aggressive you are how
often you sub and for defense same deal
your defensive playbook how much you
defend the run an aggressive
conservative very cool I think people
should be fairly familiar with this
stuff move on to the next screen so we
can see a what comes next is there's a
lot of new options in dynasty this year
so this is the dynasty setting screen
just a couple of new options here that
are pointed out you're also going to be
able to look at custom conferences BCS
bowl tie-ins and most importantly for
the carousel coach contracts coach
contracts is really what ties everything
together in the carousel okay so here
here's the standard fare for a dynasty
where you get to pick your teams but
there are some new options this year as
far as coaching so in an offline dynasty
you're going to be able to select either
a head coach and offensive coordinator
defensive coordinator here you're also
going to be able to preview each
contract this is where the contracts
have a great impact on coaching carousel
passing and failing these goals will
determine your job security and the
impact on your coach prestige which will
have a great impact on your progression
in addition to your recruit
so uh like if i'm setting up an online
dynasty can i set the settings to okay i
want everybody in my dynasty to only use
two star teams or one star teams as
opposed to everybody being able to start
out at a big school exactly if you want
to set up the ultimate challenge and
start off as a one star coordinator and
then make it up to a six-star head coach
you can set up the entire online dynasty
that way starting off as a low school
working all the way up to the top so i
think a lot of people will be curious
what's the difference between choosing
at coordinator position versus a head
coach position the difference is really
significant as a coordinator only only
responsible for controlling your half of
the ball on offense you're on the field
you're only responsible for the offense
and likewise all your goals are going to
be only focused on the offense you won't
see any defensive goals recruiting wise
that's all up to the head coach you can
still do it as a coordinator but we only
see goals for recruiting as a head coach
that's a big responsibility on the head
coach to make sure he meets all of his
recruiting goals okay so let's go ahead
and select a school who do you who do
you feel like you want to go to so I
think for today we're going to go to
Duke check out being the offensive
coordinator to do can see if we can move
up and progress in the during the
offseason so you right here he has a two
year contract you'll also notice the
starting job security is forty-four
percent so he's starting off a little
bit on the hot seat you want to be able
to pass as many of these goals within
these two years to increase that job
security and increase the coach rating I
like it I like our chances alright so
let's see how champ does it Duke see ya
let's let's sign on the dotted line
alright you even see his name alright
thanks Jordan let's go ahead and play
through and see what happens after this
first season sounds great
you